Title:Demo Intro Text
Welcome to the Early Access version of Kynseed. This build gives you the Prologue and 1 year to play. We will be updating the game monthly with masses more content, fixes and Quality of Life improvements.
Thank you for joining us on this adventure!
Title:Demo End Test
We hope you enjoyed your visit to The Vale. Do pay another visit when you can, as we'll be fixing and adding things into the game weekly.
Also, we'd absolutely love to hear what you thought! We're a very accessible bunch, and you can message us personally any time on Twitter, Discord, our forums, or anywhere else you find us.
Thank you all so much for your support. It genuinely means a lot to us. Give the links below a poke to follow Kynseed's development. See you in the community!




Title:Credits

Created By: Charlie Edwards, Neal Whitehead
Managing Director: Matthew Woodley
Chairman: Sir Ian Livingstone

Lead Programming: Neal Whitehead
Programming: Nick Gregory, Jesse Gill

Lead Design & Writing: Charlie Edwards 
Game Design: Clare Wright, Matthew Weekes, Nick Gregory
Additional Design: Gary J Lucken, Neal Whitehead

Character, Concept & Key Art: Gary J Lucken
Environment & UI Art: Matthew Weekes
Icon Art: Caz Hoyle

Music: Harvey Carman, Keith Lewis
Title theme music: Russell Shaw
Sound Effects: Nick Gregory
Voice-over: Keith Wickham

QA Manager: Clare Wright
Community Manager: Fawn Rowe

Extra special thanks: 

Sarah Morris (Pre-production concept art), Mike McCarthy (Pre-production concept art), Jenny Brewer (Pre-production UI concepts), Ian Faichnie, David Oxford, Deborah Saez, Georgio Ser, Lozz Logan, Alex Chapman at Sheridans & Everyone at Honest PR. 

Team thanks:

Molly & Mario the cat for inspiration
Harriet & Cecily for bug hunting
Pott the Brounie for keeping the house tidy

A big thanks to all the amazing people who worked at Lionhead Studios (RIP) and beyond who gave us advice, help, feedback, and encouragement!
And finally a massive and most important thanks to our wonderful community and all those players who supported us these many years. Your sacrifice pleased the Goddesses.

The following SFX and ambient audio are from freesound.org (CC 3.0 attribution license for the below):

backpack https://www.freesound.org/people/EverHeat/sounds/205522/ - EverHeat
uthud https://www.freesound.org/people/rettalo/sounds/52319 - rettalo

Other sound effects are from Soundsnap, Nick Gregory, Keith Lewis or public domain.



Title:Credits pt2 (Disused)

Title:Splash Screen
Bacon ipsum.

TODO:
https://github.com/TheBoneJarmer/TiledCS
License and copyright notice


